welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
lady macbeth
in 1865 catherine is in a loveless
marriage to an older man
alexander lester they live at the estate
of alexander's father
boris in rural northumberland in the
northeast of
england catherine is forced to maintain
a strict schedule and prevented from
leaving the house
boris scolds her for not giving
alexander a son
but alexander's sexual interest in his
wife seems to be limited to watching her
naked body
one day both boris and alexander have to
leave the estate for separate business
matters
leaving catherine alone with the
housemaid anna
for the first time in memory she is free
to explore the area to alleviate her
boredom
catherine discovers anna being suspended
from the ceiling of an outbuilding in a
sheet by the men who work on the land
they say they are weighing a sal
catherine has the woman released
she is attracted to one of the men
sebastian
and the next day sets herself up to meet
him
when sebastian comes to the house to
visit catherine
they begin an affair anna informs the
local priest
who attempts to warn katherine but she
sends him away
when boris returns home he finds his
favorite wine has run out
he accuses anna of drinking it and tells
her to get on the floor on all fours
if she behaves as animal she will be
treated as an animal
catherine says nothing boris is later
informed of the affair
beats sebastian and locks him in a
stable
he strikes catherine when she demands
his release
catherine then poisons his food and
calmly makes small talk with anna as he
chokes to death in the next room
anna is terrified into muteness and
boris is buried without
catherine takes over the estate and she
and sebastian continue their affair
openly
one night while they are asleep in
katherine's marital bed
she awakes to realize that alexander has
returned home
after he reveals that he is aware of the
infidelity
catherine summons sebastian and they
start to have sex in front of him
a fight ensues during which catherine
kills alexander
the couple bury alexander's body in the
woods and kill his horse
they are not directly accused of the
murder and sebastian begins to dress and
behave as the lord of the manor himself
a woman arrives at the estate with a
young boy named teddy
who she claims is the product of an
affair between alexander and her
daughter
catherine reluctantly shelters the pair
sebastian angry at the change in living
arrangements returns to the outbuilding
catherine realizes she is pregnant but
is unable to inform sebastian
she also begins to bond with teddy
when teddy disappears after catherine
scolds him
sebastian finds the boy sitting over a
waterfall and rescues him
when he returns teddy to the house he
admits that he considered pushing him
katherine dissuades sebastian from
leaving promising to do anything he
wants in return
while teddy's grandmother is asleep the
couple use the opportunity to smother
teddy
sebastian hides in the woods while
catherine claims that
teddy died in his sleep the village
doctor is skeptical of the story
but while the issue is being discussed a
guilt-ridden sebastian returns from the
woods and confesses everything
catherine turns sebastian's confession
back on him
and accuses him of committing all of the
murders with anna
her word has taken over his especially
when anna remains mute
as sebastian and anna are taken away by
the police
the remaining servants leave and
catherine remains alone in the house
with her unborn child
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
[Music]
you